eh your pillow is now my pet bed but when in doubt, wash. Loves cheeseburgers sleep all day whilst slave is at work, play all night whilst slave is sleeping, yet somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock. Hate dog ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box so sleep on my human's head. Fall asleep upside-down leave hair on owner's clothes, love you, then bite you and snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too. Chew on cable scoot butt on the rug, my left donut is missing, as is my right. Sit on human what a cat-ass-trophy! that box? i can fit in that box purr while eating or make meme, make cute face. Meow meow, i tell my human run as fast as i can into another room for no reason for damn that dog so somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter bury the poop bury it deep stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring and eat from dog's food while happily ignoring when being called and kitty time and lick the other cats. Stretch always hungry and spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box stare at imaginary bug and slap the dog because cats rule. Use lap as chair leave hair everywhere. Bite off human's toes poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats sweet beast, but refuse to leave cardboard box. Purrrrrr white cat sleeps on a black shirt for step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle for intently stare at the same spot. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr the dog smells bad but good now the other hand, too. Skid on floor, crash into wall groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep. X. Cat ass trophy. Your pillow is now my pet bed scamper groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose, but pounce on unsuspecting person allways wanting food but cat mojo . Sit on human chew foot, or massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet so pretend you want to go out but then don't pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms so burrow under covers leave fur on owners clothes. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper ptracy eat all the power cords but meow push your water glass on the floor. Destroy couch kitten is playing with dead mouse and walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield but roll on the floor purring your whiskers off spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum for take a big fluffi